feat: gRPC lib and tutorials (#524)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/faq.md

## How does Beagle work?

> The developer declares the backend screens and the expose the endpoints that represent them. These endpoints are called using Beagle to render the screen components on the web or mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developer declares the backend screens and the exposed endpoints that represent them. These endpoints are called using Beagle, to render the screen components on the web or mobile.
```

> Beagle works as a 'bridge' between front and backend, it is possible that the design components of your application have a parameter in backend which makes a native application possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beagle works as a 'bridge' between front and backend, and it is possible for the design components of your application to have a parameter in the backend, making a native application possible.
```

## My application's architecture will change if I use Beagle?

No, Beagle does not interfere with your project's architecture.

## Why should I use Beagle and not React Native or Flutter?

> Beagle's solution is different from other tecnologies. It is a tool to make the development easier, it has UI oriented concept of continuous delivery. Beagle allows you to handle through backend, native components of your application, change layouts and the display of these components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beagle's solution is different from other technologies. Beagle is a tool that makes mobile and web app development easier, and it has a UI oriented concept of continuous delivery. Through a backend project, Beagle also allows you to implement native components and change its layout.
```

## Is it possible to make tests in server driven screens?

> Yes! Unit tests like instrumented test work the same way on Beagle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! Unit tests, like instrumented tests, work the same way on Beagle.
```

## Can I use Beagle in an application that already has developed resources?

> Yes! If your application already have the developed components in a design system, you are able to use them on Beagle. You only have to see if these components are defined and then it will be easy to register them on Beagle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! If your application already has the developed components in a design system, you are able to use them on Beagle. You only have to see if these components are defined and then it will be easy to register them on Beagle.
```

## Does a Beagle application need to be 100% Server Driven?

No, the application can use only one Server Driven screen in some app's flows. You can continue in one server driven flow or return to the native screen normally.

## Do I have to use Beagle in the whole application?

No, your application will continue the same and it can be native even with Beagle on it. You may use Beagle whenever you want.

## Will my application work offline?

> Depends. All server driven application when requests the server a flow, it needs to be connected in order to receive a response from backend. The server driven flows cannot be solved without a connection. But, your if your application is not 100% server driven, there is a part of it that doesn't need to get online information, then it will work. The application also can be configured to call other screens in case they are offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It depends. All server driven applications, when requesting the server in a flow, will need to be connected in order to receive a response from backend. The server driven flows cannot be solved without a connection. But, if your application is not 100% server driven, then there is a part of it that doesn't need to get online information, and then it will work. The application also can be configured to call other screens in case they are offline.
```

> ### If my my internet connection is interrupted in the middle of the application flow?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What If my internet connection is interrupted in the middle of the application flow?
```

## **Can I create a BFF with a different language than JVM?**

> It's possible to create a BFF in a different language. However, we don't have ready `libs` to help you on this process, so it would be necessary that the developer create a mechanism to respect Beagle's contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to create a BFF in a different language. However, we don't have ready `libs` to help you on this process, so it would be necessary that the developer create a mechanism that respects Beagle's contracts.
```
